# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 10-ago-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL



## Attendees

- Sebastian Köller (Vodafone)
- Georgios Papadopoulos (Deutsche Telekom)
- Krzysztof Sielski (Deutsche Telekom)
- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Pedro Díez (Telefonica)

 

## Goals

Review Members Access to WG </br>
Open Issues </br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
Review Members Access to WG - [Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | WG | Main WG participants have subscription enabled
[Issue#12](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/12) | TEF | Required 'currency' information in API design
Consent management in API | WG | Discussion about consent Management
Baseline API Proposal | TEF | Ongoing API v0.1


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ----
Review Members Access to WG - [Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | Sebastian (VF) and Georgios (DT) are fully operative. Klaus (VF) and Krzysztof (DT) are managing its access. PRs triggered to update [Maintaners](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/14) and CodeOwners (pending) accordingly.
Deep Into Use Cases - [Issue#11](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/11) | Telefonica provides more info about Use Cases. Vodafone comments the topic of how to manage the consent of accessing the information (GET List of Blockchains of a given phonenumber). If this endpoint can be accessed vía 2-legged how this access can be controlled in a way the user's phone owner can control the list of people they can view his blockchain addresses. Several initial options commented during the meeting (functionality to have whitelist option where indicate phonenumbers that can access blockchain of other phone numbers, hashing of blockchain and/or phone number). Need to have more discussion around the issue. New [Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) created
Required 'currency' information in API design - [Issue#12](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/12) | Proposal presented by Telefonica in order to address this comment. VF(Sebastian) seems OK to this proposal. Georgios (DT) would like to check offline, to identify whether can be 'scam' scenarios that may need currency.
Enhancement due to consent management | Explain the context of consent management within API. After meeting new [Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) opened, summarizing info. Main topic concern raised here are (DT, VF) the following:<br> • Whether this consent is "forever" or "one time use". Once User B gives consent, anyone could access to such info.<br> • Whether this consent has to be more fine-grained, so as provided only for the User A access (i.e. have granularity to be settled per user phoneNumber level). <br><br> TEF asks whether according to these comments it is being thinking in an UX where User B is prompted with a screen to give their consent for any API call for any User A's request, and response is yes. TEF will also check internally about its product view on that. Related to this, Rafał indicates that this has relationship with Identity&ConsentManagement WG and regarding picture provided just not to include (at least) within CAMARA API spec as it includes conventions outside CAMARA. It will be taken out and in future check if makes sense to add something GSMA OpenGateway agnostic.
AoB | Control of rate limit of requests, commented by Deustche Telekom. To have some rate control policy in Telco Operator API GW, needed to cover it in API design. Exception 429 already considered into the proposal.
Baseline API Proposal [PR#5](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/5)| Points performed:<br> • Renamed OB to Telco Operator<br> • Adding Exception 429<br> • Removed Image.<br>Pending Points:<br> • `currency` topic <br>• Impacts in API derived from Consent Management


### Next Steps

- Next Meetings:<br/>
• 31th August - 13:00 - 14:00 CEST<br>
