# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 27-jul-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL



## Attendees

- Klaus Reifenrath (Vodafone)
- Sebastian Köller (Vodafone)
- Georgios Papadopoulos (Deutsche Telekom)
- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Pedro Díez (Telefonica)

 

## Goals

Review Members Access to WG </br>
Open Issues </br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
Review Members Access to WG - [Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | WG | Main WG participants have subscription enabled
[Issue#11](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/11) | TEF | Deep Into Use Cases
[Issue#12](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/12) | TEF | Required 'currency' information in API design


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ----
Review Members Access to WG - [Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | Sebastian (VF) already has access to WG. Klaus (VF) is managing it. Georgios (DT) will manage it. After that, PR will be generated to indicate maintainers and codeowners.
Deep Into Use Cases - [Issue#11](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/11) | Telefonica provides more info about Use Cases. Vodafone comments the topic of how to manage the consent of accessing the information (GET List of Blockchains of a given phonenumber). If this endpoint can be accessed vía 2-legged how this access can be controlled in a way the user's phone owner can control the list of people they can view his blockchain addresses. Several initial options commented during the meeting (functionality to have whitelist option where indicate phonenumbers that can access blockchain of other phone numbers, hashing of blockchain and/or phone number). Need to have more discussion around the issue.
Required 'currency' information in API design - [Issue#12](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/12) | Issue opened to reflect the point raised by Vodafone regarding 'currency' as mandatory parameter. Vodafone indicates there are many use cases (e.g. smart contract tokens) where transactions within the same blockchain can be performed with different currencies. Deutsche Telekom also agrees on that. Telefonica needs to check internally (mentioned that initial proposal was to consider one currency but open to cover also other scenarios). TEF will provide feedback and proposal about this topic.
AoB | Control of rate limit of requests, commented by Deustche Telekom. To have some rate control policy in Telco Operator API GW, needed to cover it in API design. There is some exception defined in commonalities: https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/blob/main/documentation/API-design-guidelines.md#32-http-response-codes (HTTP 429). Agreed to include within API design. AP@Pedro to include in API Proposal

### Next Steps

- Next Meetings:<br/>
• 10th August - 13:00 - 14:00 CEST<br>
• 31th August - 13:00 - 14:00 CEST<br>
